Add link to documentation for Homebrew installation to README (#1505)
databricks/cli: README.md

Reviewer: Can we opportunistically remove the docs folder link (line 7) in this PR too? It's broken.

Author: Thanks, we removed the generated underlying docs this links to some time ago. Removed the entire line.

This CLI is packaged as a dependency-free binary executable and may be located in any directory.
See https://github.com/databricks/cli/releases for releases and

> [the docs pages](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/cli/install.html) for supported methods to install the CLI and the corresponding instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [Databricks documentation](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/cli/install.html) for supported installation methods and corresponding instructions.
```

------
### Homebrew

> We maintain a [homebrew tap](https://github.com/databricks/homebrew-tap) for installing the Databricks CLI. You can find instructions for how to install, upgrade and downgrade the CLI using homebrew [here](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/cli/install.html).

Reviewer 2: This is the same link as above. Intentional?

Homebrew should be capitalized.

Author: Thanks, fixed.
